W-19719053-agent-fabric-stakeholder-feedback-on-first-draft-mk (#507)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/af-build-agent-networks-in-a-ci-cd-environment.adoc

= Build Agent Networks in a CI/CD Environment

> If you run operations within a CI/CD environment, you can use Anypoint CLI's Agent Fabric plugin to set up, create, build, publish, and deploy agent networks. For more information, see link:https://www.npmjs.com/package/anypoint-cli-agent-fabric-plugin[Anypoint CLI Agent Fabric Plugin].

Author: @lbauret Added

== Before You Begin

Make sure you meet the prerequisites for this task. For prerequisites, see xref:af-get-started.adoc[].

> Install the Anypoint CLI Agent Fabric plugin by running this command in a terminal window:

Author: @lbauret Added

$ anypoint-cli-agent-fabric-plugin conf organization myOrgId
----

For more information, see xref:anypoint-cli::auth.adoc[].

=== Create a Target Space for Your Environment

To deploy an agent network, you'll need a target space, if you don't have one already. 

> You can either create a private space for CloudHub 2.0 deployment or a namespace for Runtime Fabric. For more information about Runtime Fabric deployments, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-fabric/latest/create-custom-namespace[Creating Namespaces for Application Deployments].

Author: ```suggestion
You can either create a private space for CloudHub 2.0 deployment or a namespace for Runtime Fabric. For more information about Runtime Fabric deployments, see xref:runtime-fabric::create-custom-namespace.adoc[].
```

==== Create a Private Space for CloudHub 2.0 Deployment

. Open Anypoint Runtime Manager.
. Select the environment to use.
. Select **Private Spaces**.
. Select **Create private space**.

> . Enter `agent-network-space` in the private space.

Author: ```suggestion
. Enter `agent-network-space` or another name in the private space.
```

. Select **Create**.
. Select **Create private network**.
. Associate the space with the business group and environments you need to deploy your agent network to. You must complete this step so that the private space appears as a valid deployment target in Anypoint Code Builder and Anypoint CLI.

> After you create a target space, set up the ingress and egress gateways for deployment, if you haven't already done so. For agent networks, at least one small Managed Flex Gateway and one large Managed Flex Gateway is required in your environment. For more information about gateways, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/gateway/latest/flex-architecture-basic-deployments[Flex Gateway Deployment Models]. 

Author: ```suggestion
After you create a target space, set up the ingress and egress gateways for deployment, if you haven't already done so. For agent networks, at least one small Managed Flex Gateway and one large Managed Flex Gateway is required in your environment. For more information about gateways, see xref:gateway::flex-architecture-basic-deployments.adoc[]. 
```

> For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-cli/latest/auth[Authentication to the Anypoint Platform CLI].

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:anypoint-cli::auth.adoc[].
```

=== Create a Target Space for Your Environment

To deploy an agent network, you'll need a target space, if you don't have one already. 

You can either create a private space for CloudHub 2.0 deployment or a namespace for Runtime Fabric. For more information about Runtime Fabric deployments, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-fabric/latest/create-custom-namespace[Creating Namespaces for Application Deployments].

==== Create a Private Space for CloudHub 2.0 Deployment

. Open Anypoint Runtime Manager.
. Select the environment to use.
. Select **Private Spaces**.
. Select **Create private space**.

> . Enter a name for the private space. We recommend `agent-network-space`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter `agent-network-space` in the private space.
```

Reviewer: Our docs are always best recommendations. So is the `agent-network-space` name a must? What happens if customers choose `my-agent-network-space` as name?

Author: not mandatory, but recommended according to Engineering.

. Select **Create**.
. Select **Create private network**.
. Associate the space with the business group and environments you need to deploy your agent network to. You must complete this step so that the private space appears as a valid deployment target in Anypoint Code Builder and Anypoint CLI.

> After you create a target space, set up the ingress and egress gateways for deployment, if you haven't already done so. For agent networks, at least one small Managed Flex Gateway and one large Managed Flex Gateway is required in your environment. For more information about gateways, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/gateway/latest/flex-architecture-basic-deployments[Flex Gateway Deployment Models]. 

Reviewer: (globally) use xref format for links
